Update product image selection page (#567)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/concepts/pages/product-image-selection.adoc

= Product image selection
:page-aliases: product_image_selection.adoc
:description: This page describes the different ways of specifying a product image to use in your product deployment.
:keywords: Kubernetes, operator, docker, registry, custom image, tags

To run any product on the Stackable Data Platform, you need to specify which version you want to run in the resource definition (i.e. a SparkApplication or DruidCluster).
The simplest way to do this is this:

[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  image:
    productVersion: 1.2.3 <.>
    # stackableVersion: 24.3.0 optional <.>
----
<.> The version of your product - consult the product operator documentation to find out about supported product versions.

> <.> The version of the Stackable Data Platform - simply omit this to use the operator version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<.> The version of the Stackable Data Platform. If you omit it, the operator will use it's own version together with the product version to select the product image.
```

This page explains the different ways of specifying product images and the components that are involved,
starting from the simple way of using the default images to explaining how to use custom or mirrored registries as well as custom images.

== Product and Stackable version explained

> All products of the Stackable Data Platform run on Kubernetes and are managed by Stackable Operators and one operator is responsible for exactly one product like Apache Spark.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All products of the Stackable Data Platform run on Kubernetes and are managed by Stackable Operators. One operator is responsible for exactly one product, for example Apache Spark, but can manage multiple instances (with different versions) of the product at the same time.
```

> The operators read the Stacklet definition and deploy appropriate StatefulSets which lead to the creation of Pods, which in the end require _container images_ to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The operators transform a Stacklet definition (for example a SparkApplication object) into Kubernetes native objects. Some of these objects are Pods and they  require _container images_ to run.
```

== Stackable provided images

If your Kubernetes cluster has internet access, the easiest way is to use the publicly available images from the https://docker.stackable.tech/[Image registry hosted by Stackable] (as has been noted at the beginning of the page):

[source,yaml]
----
spec:
  image:
    productVersion: 3.3.1 <.>
    # stackableVersion: 23.7.0 # optional <.>
----
<.> The version of your product - consult the product operator documentation to find out about supported product versions.
<.> The version of the Stackable Data Platform - simply omit this to use the operator version.

NOTE: If the Kubernetes cluster does not have internet access, a xref:_custom_docker_registry[] or xref:_custom_images[] can be used.

> You only need to specify the product version but _can_ also specify an exiplicit Stackable version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You only need to specify the product version but _can_ also specify an explicit Stackable version.
```

the product version can be found on the xref:operators:supported_versions.adoc[list of supported product versions] or on the product operator documentation page.

> The requirement to specify a product version might be relaxed in the future, as every platform release might ship with a recommended product version, which might be used by default.

Reviewer: I would delete this statement. It's a promise and it's not actionable for users.

Author: I agree, will do

Author: https://github.com/stackabletech/documentation/pull/567/commits/618e2809799ca1ca9719fdc56584366f168c9230

    productVersion: 3.3.1
----

> Even though the product version is not used anymore for image selection, you still need to provide it, as the Stackable Operators configure their respective products based on the product version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though the product version is not used anymore for image selection, you still need to provide it, as the operators configure their respective products based on the product version.
```
